Assassin's Creed 2 is a bloody romp
through Renaissance Italy that
significantly expands and improves upon
the core mechanics of the first team the
story picks up directly after the first
one with Desmond the main character in
modern times escaping from the mr. go
Desmond teams up with the assassins and
hops back into the Animas this time by
choice the goal is to train himself as a
deadly assassin by experiencing the life
of his ancestor Ezio Auditore da Firenze
we jump back to Renaissance Italy and
the fun begins
your sister seemed quite satisfied with
the handling I gave her earlier right
off the bat the game sets up an
intriguing tale of revenge in both the
past and the present there's solid story
development and while the control option
to be almost overwhelming at times
there's a lengthy in-game tutorial that
holds players hands they learn to free
run pickpockets do combat hide and of
course assassinate their targets Sasson
screed - is a visual delight the
animations are still top-notch in the
dramatic music rounds out a high-caliber
presentation the Renaissance setting
also adds a dose of much-needed color
and humour to the series do I know you
from somewhere don't you recognise me
it's a me Mario you want to play with
the subtitles on just to catch all the
comical Italian banter between the
characters
excellent freerunning system from the
first game has returned and is
noticeably faster making exploration
more enjoyable it also helps that
Florence Venice and other Italian cities
are the perfect setting for Ezio's
acrobatic antics combat is also brutal
and gory there are a bunch of weapons to
purchase and you'll likely buy all of
them just to watch the unique animations
they trigger during a fight the most
important improvement to Assassin's
Creed 2 is the streamlined mission
structure that always points players
towards the meat of the game the mission
that progresses the storyline has always
marked with a big exclamation point on
the mini-map and this time around the
missions are much more varied and
definitely more exciting there's no
sitting on benches required the addition
of a monetary system means that there's
a good reason to go treasure hunting and
it adds a host of shops to the city
including one for armor and weapons it's
just another layer that makes the
Italian cities more vibrant and
believable than the first game the
stealth has also improved now players
can blend with any large crowd of people
as well as hire thieves mercenaries and
whores to distract specific targets and
now the players can disarm opponents and
purchase a wide range of weapons the
combat is deep and enjoyable the counter
and kill animations alone make
confrontation of thrilling option
Assassin's Creed 2 is a meaty game
clocking in at 18 hours for a normal
playthrough and there are hours of side
missions and diversions there are tombs
to be found that includes some excellent
prince of persia platforming and an
entire villa that players can upgrade by
purchasing art and architectural
improvements you weren't thrilled with
the first Assassin's Creed it's likely
that your problems have been addressed
sequel does include a few flaws one
being that it isn't exactly difficult
aside from flying off the ledge do a
less-than-perfect camera angle players
will hardly ever find themselves close
to death but Assassin's Creed 2 is a
real sequel didn't just refine elements
of the first game it added a huge amount
of new content and interesting gameplay
mechanics I gave the game a 9.2 and
while Assassin's Creed isn't perfect it
has put the series on a path towards
greatness you can read the full review
on IGN com